Now of course
we're going to populate these folders
step-by-step fro to this module.
I wanna start with the header for now.
So with this tool bar at the top
and therefor in the layout folder here
I will add a header JS file
and that will hold my header code.
The header will also need some styling
so side-by-sides to header JS
I will add a header dot module CSS file.
Dot module because I will use
the built in CSS modules support
which modern React projects created with create React app
which does set up isn't the end per wide.
So this CSS file will be need
and speaking of that file
you find this header dot module CSS file attached
to this lecture
and you can simply replace yours with it
or simply copy it
on the provided styles
which are some styles I came up with
to give this header the look you saw in
the preview at the beginning of this module.
Of course you can also write your own styles
if you would prefer that.
Now in the header JS file
we wanna have the JSX structure
for our header.
And therefor here
I will export a header Component function
where we get some props
and of course we'll also
well exports this function
to make it available outside of this file
because they will use it in a different file.
And inside of this Component function
I don't need complex logic
or state or anything like that
instead there I will just return
the JSX code for this header.
And here I actually wanna have two blocks of code.
One block of code will be the header itself
so that toolbar
the second part will be
the image below the header.
Though we could also split
that into two separate Components
if we wanted to here I will keep it in one Component
but again that is definitely a split
you could also make
have two Components instead of one.
Now here I will use a React Fragment
so that built in Fragment Component
and therefor I wanna import React from React
so that I can access React Fragment
alternatively we of course just import Fragment
and use that directly as a Component like this.
And I'm using this Fragment Component as a rapper
because we must only have one root element returned here
that's true for any place where you use JSX
you must only have one root element.
And in there
I actually wanna have two sibling elements.
A header using the built in header Component
and then a div which will hold the image.
And again that would be
the two Components you could also separate
into separate Component files and functions.
Here I'll keep it in one Component though.
Now, inside of the header here
which is a default HTML five element
I'll have an h1 element where I'll say React meals
which is just the name of this application I came up with.
Of course you can choose any name you want.
And then side-by-side to that
I wanna have a button which will open the cart later.
So for the moment I'll just add a button
with the name of cart like this
I will change this code in a couple
of seconds or minutes though
before we changed a button though
let's have a look at that div
and then that's div I wanna have an image.
So the built in image element
and here I'm providing an image to you
which you find attached as well.
And it will add an essence folder
in the source directory
so next two Components
where this image will actually be stored in.
So attached you find that meals.jpg file
and I will just copy that into that assets folder.
This is an image which is provided locally
as part of the React application.
Now how can we use that image here in this JSX file?
Well we can use this image in a way
which could look strange when you first see it
but which is very easy to use once you're used to it
you can simply import images
and it's a bit like importing CSS files.
It's not really a JavaScript feature
but instead imports like that
so importing CSS files or importing images
is supported by this project setup
which we're using here
and behind the scenes
the import is simply transformed
to include the image in the finished application
which we could deploy to a server
and to generate a link to that image
which is then dynamically inserted in
the generators code.
So there's a lot of behind
the scenes magic going on here.
For us we simply import meals image
though this name is up to you
from going up, going up
assets, meals JPG.
And here the file extension matters
just as for a CSS files
because this tells that build process
that this is not a JavaScript file
but in this case an image file
and that therefor it should be transformed
and injected appropriately behind the scenes.
And then we can use this import image
as a source here
by binding the source dynamically
with curly braces
and pointing at meals image.
This is how you can include a local image.
Of course if this would be an image on some server
and you'll had a URL to that image
you could just add that URL to some image
to some image dot JPG.
You could add that if you had such a URL
but here since it's a local image
part of the project
we instead use that other approach.
Now we can always add an alt text
a table full of delicious food
something like this.
And with that I got the general structure
for this header Component finished.
Though there are things missing
for example the styling.
Here on the header Component on the header element
I wanna add a class name
and since we added this CSS file
which uses CSS modules
we import classes
from that module dot CSS file.
So from header module dot CSS
and here as a class and for the header
we should point at classes dot header
because in that CSS file
if you have a look at it
there is a header CSS class to find
and as you'll learn in the styling section
this is how you use CSS modules then.
Now on that's div
which holds the image
I'll also add a class name
and here it's classes main image written like this.
Since it's a CSS class with a dash inside of it
we can't use to dot notation
and that's simply another CSS class
to find in there.
Now with that the general header structure is finished.
With that we can now go
to app JS to our root Component
and there we can import header from slash Components
layout header like this
and then instead of this h2 tag here
I will use my header.
And actually I also don't want
that div here anymore
instead here for the moment
I will just use a Fragment
which I of course need to import from React.
The React import itself is missing here because
as you learned
you can omit that in modern React projects
like this one
you can always add it as well though.
You can always also import React
from React and it won't hurt either.
Technically it's required
because of what JSX is transformed
to behind the scenes
But in some projects setups like this one
you can simply omit it.
And with that if you saved it
you should have that header here.
And this is a good start
this is now our toolbar
of course the code button in the header
doesn't look at all like
the button you saw in the preview though.
And therefore that's what we're going to work on next.